hello I'm Dimitri James and this is sue
Tania and I'm going to show you today
how to apply our newest foundation the
plasma fusion and the plasma fusion
corrector stick fusion is a concept
based on modern technology that has
allowed us to fuse an anti-aging
anti-wrinkle serum with micro lens
pigments
it's the perfect foundation for the
woman who wants to look smoother younger
and have a little bit of a dewy finish
the coverage with the fusion foundation
is buildable so you can go from a light
coverage all the way up to a medium to
full coverage depending on how you want
to build it as this started I apply to
the forehead first and I work in gentle
circular buffing strokes in one
direction and then the other and then
down just like so it's just the perfect
foundation I love working with this as a
makeup artist alright so we've finished
applying the fusion foundation smooth it
out complete and her skin to the desired
coverage level and I'm going to start
applying the fusion corrector stick now
the fusion corrector stick is fantastic
because the center of the stick is
actually skin care it helps reduce
puffiness dark circles and lines around
the eyes while you wear it it skims over
the eye and doesn't settle into little
lines it smooths them out and in five
minutes it literally pulls away the look
of lines around the eyes or anywhere on
the face so the concealer stick and go
right underneath your eyes to hide dark
circles it's a great shadow base for
your eye shadows and you could use it
throughout the day to touch up here or
there wherever you have a little bit of
extra coverage needs well we finished
the application of the plasma fusion
foundation and corrector stick on so
Tania and her skinless gorgeous it's
dewy and
and if you like this look you could
achieve it by adding the plasma fusion
lipstick in magenta